1. Resend Customization & Client Registration
Client Registration: No, your clients (parents visiting the website) do not need to register on Resend or do anything special. The form is fully open to the public; only you needed a Resend account to obtain the API key that powers the backend.
Changing onboarding@resend.dev: Yes, you can (and should) change this for production. To change it, follow these steps:
Add your custom domain (e.g., deescuriousminds.co.uk) in the Resend Dashboard > Domains.
Verify the domain by adding the DNS records (TXT and MX) to your domain registrar (GoDaddy, Namecheap, etc.).
Once verified, change line 39 in 

contact.ts
:
typescript
// Change this:
from: "Dees Curious Minds <onboarding@resend.dev>"
// To your verified domain:
from: "Dees Curious Minds <inquiries@deescuriousminds.co.uk>"
Now you can set CONTACT_EMAIL_RECIPIENT in .env to any email (like deescuriousminds@gmail.com) and it will work perfectly.
2. Website Elements That Benefit From a CMS
If the client wants the power to edit and update the website dynamically without editing code, here is an audit of the elements that would require a CMS (Content Management System like Sanity.io, Strapi, or Decap CMS) or a simple admin dashboard:

Section / Page	What Needs Updating?	CMS Requirement Level
Announcement Bar	Banners, seasonal alerts (e.g. Summer Holiday Club), and target booking links.	High (Changes frequently as seasons change).
Summer Holiday Club	The flyer image upload, dates, times, price, age ranges, and Google Form link.	High (Updates yearly/seasonally).
Gallery Page	Uploading new photos/videos of activities, setting categories, and writing vertical Instagram Reel captions.	High (Needs frequent additions to keep setting active).
FAQs Page	Adding new parent questions and answers, or adjusting policy rules.	Medium (Updates occasionally when parents raise common questions).
Hero Slider	Modifying titles, badges, taglines, and uploading background hero slides.	Medium (Changes when branding or primary services adjust).
Services / Reviews	Updating hours, session pricing, childcare testimonials, and core activities.	Low (Usually stays the same for long periods).
